[WIP] Init docs (#7)
alisterburt/napari-threedee: docs/dev_guides/manipulators.md

# Manipulators

> Manipulators are UI elements attached to napari layer data to aid in positioning and orienting layer data elements 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manipulators are UI elements attached to napari layers to aid with positioning and orienting layer data elements 
```

being displayed on the canvas. Manipulators can translate and rotate along/around specified axes.

## Coordinate system
The manipulator coordinate system is defined with an affine transformation relative to the layer data coordinate system.
The manipulator transformation is defined as a translation and a 3x3 transformation matrix (rotation and scale). The 

> translation is stored in the `manipulator.centroid` property and the transformation is stored in the `manipulator.

Reviewer: this is consistent with how things are in the code but feels a little unclear generally - how would you feel about a refactor of centroid -> shift moving forwards?

Author: I can see how it feels inconsistent. Should we just call it `translation`?

rot_mat` property. The rotation is applied before the translation. 

## Translators
Translators are the UI element on the manipulator responsible for translating the manipulator. When the user 
clicks on a translator and drags it, the manipulator is translated by the drag vector component parallel to the 
translator direction. 

Translators are defined by unit vectors pointing in the direction of translation. The unit vectors are stored in the 
`_initial_translator_normals` property as an (n x 3) numpy array for n translators. One translator will be created 
for each unit vector in `initial_translator_normals`.

### Translator drag callback
When a translator is dragged, the following callbacks are executed:

1. `_pre_drag()`:This is called after the translator or rotator is clicked. This is typically used to set up for the 
   drag callback.
2. `_while_translator_drag()`: This is called during the drag and is typically used to update layer or manipulator 
   attributes in response to the translator drag. 
3. `_on_click_cleanup`: This is called after the drag has finished. This is generally used to clean up any 

>    variables that were set during the drag or pre drag callbacks.

Reviewer: drag -> drag -> click feels a bit inconsistent, area for improvement moving forwards - otherwise very clear, awesome!

Author: Good point. I had been thinking it was the clean up of the `on_click` callback, but the user/developer doesn't directly interact with `on_click`, so your suggestion makes more sense.

- `_pre_drag()` callback may be implemented.
- `_while_translator_drag()` must be implemented.
- `_on_click_cleanup` may be implemented.

## Rotators
Rotators are the UI element on the manipulator responsible for rotating the manipulator. When the user 
clicks on a rotator and drags it, the manipulator is rotated around the normal vector of the rotator.

Rotators are defined by unit vectors normal to the rotators. The unit vectors are stored in the 
`_initial_rotators_normals` property as an (n x 3) numpy array for n translators. One rotator will be created 
for each unit vector in `initial_rotator_normals`.

### Rotator drag callback
When a rotator is dragged, the following callbacks are executed:

1. `_pre_drag()`:This is called after the translator or rotator is clicked. This is typically used to set up for the 
   drag callback.
2. `_while_rotator_drag()`: This is called during the drag and is typically used to update layer or manipulator 
   attributes in response to the rotator drag. 
3. `_on_click_cleanup`: This is called called after the drag has finished. This is generally used to clean up any 
   variables that were set during the drag or pre drag callbacks.

> 

Reviewer: followup: add implementing rotators section
